.github/pull_request_template.md, before:

# Background

<!-- Why does this PR exist? Describe it here or link to an issue. -->

Fixes https://github.com/OctopusDeploy/OctopusTentacle/issues/...

<!-- Consider adding a before/after log excerpt or screen capture. -->

## Before

![Before](https://www.fillmurray.com/g/300/150)

## After

![After](https://www.fillmurray.com/300/150)

# Testing

Here are the steps I used to test this pull request:

- 

# Review

Firstly, thanks for reviewing this pull request! :tada:

<!-- Describe the outcomes you want from a review. In-principle? Exploratory testing? Add inline comments calling out important changes. -->

# Checks

- [ ] :green_heart: All automated builds and tests are passing
- [ ] Scripts that automate Tentacle installation and configuration will continue working after updating to this version of Tentacle
- [ ] Existing installations will continue working after updating to this version of Tentacle
- [ ] I have considered the changes to public documentation needed to reflect this change
- [ ] I have considered the changes to the project wiki needed to reflect this change

Commit message:

Update templates (#375)
* Update templates

* test

.github/pull_request_template.md, after:

**_Are you a customer of Octopus Deploy? Please contact [our support team](https://octopus.com/support) so we can triage your PR, so that we can make sure it's handled appropriately._**

# Background

<!-- Why does this PR exist? -->

# Results

<!-- Describe the result of the change -->

Fixes https://github.com/OctopusDeploy/Issues/issues/... _(optional public issue)_

Fixes https://github.com/OctopusDeploy/ResearchAndDevelopment/issues/... _(optional private issue)_

See [How we use GitHub Issues](https://github.com/OctopusDeploy/Issues/blob/master/docs/CONTRIBUTING.internal.md) (including [this flowchart](https://whimsical.com/r-d-incoming-work-workflow-aug-21-NsDnGQXcwBLwU66a88Zhue) 

## Before

<!-- Consider adding a log excerpt or screen capture. -->

![Before](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5088479/120727281-72762180-c51d-11eb-9776-85363dc084e2.png)

## After

<!-- Consider adding a log excerpt or screen capture. -->

![After](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5088479/120727258-67bb8c80-c51d-11eb-8d2a-e047095b2d01.png)

# How to review this PR

<!--
Describe how you want people to review the pull request.
Perhaps you just want an "in principal" review to prove an idea.
Perhaps you want specific people to test the resulting changes.
-->

Quality :heavy_check_mark:
<!-- Describe focus areas (if any): Review tests/ Exploratory testing/ Smoke testing? -->

# Pre-requisites

- [ ] I have read [How we use GitHub Issues](https://github.com/OctopusDeploy/Issues/blob/master/docs/CONTRIBUTING.internal.md) for help deciding when and where it's appropriate to make an issue.
- [ ] I have considered informing or consulting the right people, according to the [ownership map](https://whimsical.com/ownership-map-NzbiD4HJyvhC9jNJNfS6TG).
- [ ] I have considered appropriate testing for my change.
